1. How does the TWAMM algorithm calculate the time intervals between the execution of virtual orders - using `block.timestamp` or `block.number`? Each option has its advantages and disadvantages, the auditor should remember this.
2. When forking popular protocols like Uniswap auditor need to closely monitor the diffs. A change in one section of the code must be accompanied by a change in another section of the code that depends on the first.
3. Various formulas of product constants must pass all mathematical checks. Especially carefully you need to analyze potential problems with rounding.
4. Callback functions that are called by the `swap()` function are required to check the address of the calling contract. Auditor also need to analyze possible ways to bypass the check.
5. Auditor should remember that the `transfer()`, `transferFrom()` and even `safeTransfer()` functions can almost always lead to re-entrancy. And even if the nonReentrant modifier is used, a cross-contract view re-entrancy attack is possible. The CEI pattern should be applied everywhere. Special attention should be paid to updating `reserves[]`.
6. When implementing FlashSwap (like flashloan), the order of the call should be as follows: `transferToken(toUserContract)` → `Callback function`.
7. Protocols that use DEX AMM for token exchange should calculate the slippage and verify it. Otherwise, attackers can make a sandwich attack.
8. The results of the `transfer()` and `transferFrom()` functions should be checked. In case of failure this functions return false. `revert()` does not occur.
9. The auditor should carefully consider the operation of updating `reserves[]`. The developers could have made a mistake and made the calculation wrong.
10. If the contract updates the user's token balances using signed int then the implementation of `-int(amount)` may lead to an error due to int overflow.